What is a guy and one KMAX an hour and this will show you that how can you just bypass the card option
so.
Because we don't want to add the card because card is used for products these are not the products these
are the bookable products like he bought them.
And after you book them you just to really check out.
So make sure that you add this functionality because this is important so I'm just going to come here
to the dashboard right now and I'm just going to go to the plug ins and I'm going to go to audio.
So here now I have to just come here to search and I want to just search for data.
Check out.
OK.
Let's see which plug in that we get.
So
this is the one that says Vuh commerce direct checkout.
OK.
You have it just click this and you can see this is being installed now here I have to just activate
this plug in and this plug in should be activated.
OK.
It is
newcomers that check out.
I'm just going to go to the appearance of the commerce and then I have to just sit Derrick check out
and see you can see this is right here.
Checking out is the most important and key part placing an order online.
And many users end up abandoning their order at the end.
This plug in built simply by the checkout process leading to an immediate increase in sales.
So I'm just gonna click here this and continue shopping.
BURTON No we don't want to add the continued shopping burden.
If the customer is buying anything he just buy it.
OK custom at do card deck so it should be like book now exclude external product redirect to a page.
So it should redirect directly to the checkout page.
We don't want to redo it.
We don't want him to be directed to redirect it to any other bits.
You can see this is right here.
OK.
And now let's go ahead and let's see our Web site in the Incognito window so I'm going to come here.
I'm going to open up the incognito and no S10 Kambli that will be cornstalk calm and you can see it
sees my booking site.
And here is the title and everything it takes we offer book a hotel hire a freelancer Rent-A-Car.
So if I just said book a hotel I want to book a hotel and I want it to be a business room.
So I needed for a 29 only and it's Facebook now.
I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to book now so you can see it from now take me directly to
the checkout page.
And here is book book Boockvar hotel has been added to your card and this is read here.
And now what I have to do I have to just enter my first name last name company details and everything
and I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to proceed to Paypal and I'm going to pay him.
This is how it works.
Make sure guys that you do have it because this is so very important.
And if you do not have it you will see that most people will come here.
They will get confused to make sure that you added You added You added You added.
I'm telling you four times please do at it.
OK.
So this is right here.
I'm not adding any of the menu here so you can do create the menu.
OK so you can see this is how our cable operators looking.
So I hope you'll like this chorus I hope you'll like this functionality and I hope you'll like my eating
method as well.
I'm so I'm so consistent about this because I always try my very best.
Used to just be like you guys should understand.
I try my level best to just make everything understandable to you and I hope you understand it.
If there is any confusion.
I'm here to help you guys.
You can just ask me and I am here seriously.
I'm here.
And I just I will really like it if you ask questions because you are interacting in my course when
you're interacting with me.
I just keep motivated.
It just keeps me keeps me motivated.
So you ask questions when you have some problems.
And so Stadion guys and by.